
TATA IPL 2025 Match 11 , RR vs CSK - Match Report
Rajasthan Royals (RR) got their TATA Indian Premier League (IPL) 2025 campaign off the mark with a narrow victory over Chennai Super Kings (CSK) as fans at the ACA Stadium in Guwahati were treated to a thriller in the last game of the season at this venue. 
In a game that saw multiple momentum swings, Sandeep Sharma held his nerve in a final-over finish to deny an MS Dhoni and Ravindra Jadeja special and help RR secure a six-run win after they put on 182/9, courtesy of Player of the Match Nitish Rana's scintillating 36-ball 81. 
After CSK captain Ruturaj Gaikwad asked RR to bat first, Khaleel Ahmed once again struck early with the new ball, getting the big wicket of Yashasvi Jaiswal on just the third ball of the innings.
However, CSK’s joy did not last long as Nitish Rana played like a man on a mission. The former KKR skipper smashed the ball to all parts of the park, taking on Ravichandran Ashwin with two sixes and a four in the fifth over, before scoring 14 off Ahmed in the very next over. He was supported well by full-time RR captain Sanju Samson, but the fireworks came courtesy of Rana alone as struck seven fours and four sixes en route to a 21-ball 50 inside the powerplay itself and RR were cruising at 79/1.
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by IPL (@iplt20)
While Samson fell, the Rana juggernaut kept going. He greeted Ashwin again in the 12th over with a six and a four to race ahead to 81 off 35, but Ashwin had the last laugh in the mini-battle as some smart bowling combined with MS Dhoni’s alertness behind the wickets forced Rana to walk back stumped on the very next delivery.
Rana’s thunderous innings meant that RR were still in a very strong position at 129/3 after 12 overs. CSK then came back strongly with the fightback put into motion by their spinners. Noor Ahmad and Ravindra Jadeja picked up a combined three wickets, helped by two superb catches by Matheesha Pathirana and Vijay Shankar.
Pathirana then combined with Khaleel Ahmed and the duo gave away only 17 overs in the last three overs, also snapping up a few wickets in the process, as CSK kept RR down to 182/9 after 20 overs despite stand-in captain Riyan Parag’s 37 off 28.
Cleaned 🆙 Matheesha Pathirana disturbs the stumps of the #RR skipper ⚡️Updates ▶️ https://t.co/V2QijpWpGO#TATAIPL | #RRvCSK | @ChennaiIPL pic.twitter.com/xwaUEzgsHR
— IndianPremierLeague (@IPL) March 30, 2025
CSK’s momentum was snatched back quickly by Jofra Archer. The RR pacer came off the blocks in fiery fashion, dismissing Rachin Ravindra for 0 in what was the first maiden over of the season.
The RR bowlers kept the squeeze on, and CSK were on the backfoot at 46/2 in the 8th over. Just when the hard-hitting Shivam Dube was starting to inject some momentum into the chase, his cameo (18 off 10) was ended by Wanindu Hasaranga, courtesy of a brilliant one-handed grab by Parag at extra cover.
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by IPL (@iplt20)
Gaikwad kept CSK in the fight with an expertly crafted 63 off 44, but it was the Hasaranga show that gave RR the edge as the leggie finished with 4/35. 
With 54 runs needed off the last four overs, came a sight all too familiar over the years as MS Dhoni and Ravindra Jadeja provided a final flourish to turn the game into a thriller. A 19-run penultimate over, including a six over long-on from Dhoni and an audacious sweep off pacer Tushar Deshpande from Jadeja left CSK with 20 to get in the last over. But Sandeep Sharma, as he often does, held his nerve to dismiss Dhoni on the first delivery of the final over before guiding RR to a six-run win.
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by IPL (@iplt20)
RR, ninth on the points table, will take on Punjab Kings in Chandigarh next on April 5th, while CSK (currently at 7th place) will face Delhi Capitals in Chennai earlier that day.
Brief Scorecard: Rajasthan Royals 182/9 in 20 overs (Nitish Rana 81, Riyan Parag 37, Noor Ahmad 2/28, Matheesha Pathirana 2/28) beat Chennai Super Kings 176/6 in 20 overs (Ruturaj Gaikwad 63, Ravindra Jadeja 32, Wanindu Hasaranga 4/35) by six runs.
The full scorecard and match details can be found here.
